Updates issue templates (#5445)
ldtteam/minecolonies: .github/workflows/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

# Prerequisites

> - [ ] I am running the latest version of MineColonies for my Minecraft version.

Reviewer: add alpha here, many see release as latest

> - [ ] I am running the lastest version of Minecolonies for my minecraft version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] I am running the latest version of MineColonies for my Minecraft version.
```

> - [ ] I checked the Minecolonies [Wiki](https://ldtteam.github.io/MinecoloniesWiki/) and made sure that my issue is not covered by any content.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] I checked the MineColonies [Wiki](https://wiki.minecolonies.ldtteam.com/) and made sure that my issue is not covered there.
```

> - [ ] I checked and made sure that **this issue is not already covered by any existing issue**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] I made sure that **this issue is not a duplicate of any existing issue.**
```

> - [ ] This is an issue and not a feature request. Please create all feature requests at [Minecolonies-features](https://github.com/ldtteam/minecolonies-features/issues).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] This is an issue and not a feature request. Please create all feature requests [here](https://github.com/ldtteam/minecolonies-features/issues).
```

Reviewer 2: Is someone going to copy everything from #4535 to this new repo?

<!-- If you are making a bug report, please fill out this template as best as possible, this will help
     us to understand your issue much easier. -->

### Context

<!-- Exact version, eg: 0.9.126-ALPHA or 0.9.2-RELEASE, please don't just give the Minecraft version you're playing.
Before reporting: Update to the newest minecolonies alpha and see if your issue might be fixed already.
-->

- Minecraft Version:

> - Minecolonies Version:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- MineColonies Version:
```

> - Related mods & Versions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Related Mods and Their Versions:
```
